(light guitar music)
Okay, one thing I wanna re-factor here
and I think it's a good opportunity for us
to take a look at how the annotation @ModelAttribute
is being used, and this is an attribute
that is being applied on an inbound request
but we can also utilize this for outbound
to provide a common attribute that we want in the model.
And we have the UnitOfMeasureService
binding to uomList in at least three
different places now, so this has kind of become
a common property that we want to utilize.
So what we can do is set up a method for that.
Let's see here, public...
This is gonna be a Flux,
UnitOfMeasureCommand, if I remember right,
let's double check that,
that is a UnitOfMeasureCommand coming back from that.
I'm gonna steal this guy right here.
So now we just have a method that's gonna return back that,
now we can annotate it with the @ModelAttribute.
And we'll give it that name,
uomList,
so now with every request this is gonna be bound to that.
And so we can go back here and clean this up,
so we're gonna get rid of this code.
Get rid of him.
Just scanning through here,
make sure that we don't have it anywhere else so
we're getting rid of that duplicate code
in three different places and replacing it with
this one method here, so again,
this is a property name that's
gonna bind the output of this method too.
And this is gonna run with every request
so that every time we get a Model being returned
to the view layer, we are gonna populate a property
called uomList and it's gonna use
that unitOfMeasureService, so let's go ahead
and run our application now.
We'll make sure that it's still working.
Let's toggle over to Chrome.
We see that my failure is still there from the last video.
So now we have that, let's go over here and view,
View the ingredients, Update it,
and we can see that the UOM is still there
so exactly as we expected.
That is now getting populated.
So, we removed that redundant code,
got it into a centralized method,
so a little bit cleaner and if we had
more complex methods to utilize, we could do so.
So just a quick recap here.
So we got rid of, in the individual controller methods
we got rid of this model.addAttribute, uomList,
and now we are using the @ModelAttribute,
same... same @ModelAttribute annotation
that we're using here for things
coming in to controller methods,
now we're annotating it at the method level,
giving it a name, and it's gonna populate
that property on the model uomList
a Flux of unit of measures,
so now this is one common place.
A lot cleaner, and I also wanna point out that
this is not WebFlux specific,
this also works under regular Spring MVC
so if you do get a need where you have a common
model attribute that you want to be adding to your Model
for your view layer, this is a real handy way to do that.